Address some of Alice's notes (#219)
TheBevyFlock/bevy_quickstart: README.md

- [MIT License](./LICENSE-MIT.txt)
- [Apache License, Version 2.0](./LICENSE-Apache-2.0.txt)

> Since the CC0 license does not waived patent rights, we confirm that we hold no patent rights to anything presented in this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CC0 license explicitly does not waive patent rights, but we confirm that we hold no patent rights to anything presented in this repository.
```
